(Episode 12)
("Hanguk Chemistry Lab Gets Grant from Seoul")
(Gukil Newspaper)
What's with her today?
No idea.
She found out I've been collecting newspapers.
Then she asked me to bring all the newspapers...
that date back 20 years ago.
There is...
a short article here.
"Short Circuit Puts a Research Lab on Fire..."
"Causing Death of a Young Scientist,"
"Doctor Moon Joon Seong".
It's from October 21.
Find me the newspaper from that day.
And keep searching for any interviews he had.
Why are you suddenly looking for a chemist?
I need to come up with a story.
What story?
A story that can help me...
permeate into his happy days.
("Doctor Moon's Research on Eco-friendly Products")
("Microalgae, the Answer to Eco-friendly Products")
Where did you find these?
I heard about the fire from Hae Ra's aunt,
and I was quickly reminded of this.
I know the lab very well too.
That old building.
What about these articles?
A tailor at my shop is a huge collector.
He collects newspapers, magazines, and stamps,
so I asked him to find them.
This feels so weird.
You can read these on a computer in a library,
but I thought you'd feel different...
when you see it in real life.
It's an article from a few months before the fire.
Your dad is a very handsome man.
You aren't that good looking...
compared to him.
Hi, Hae Ra.
Hae Ra, take a look at this.
What's so interesting here?
It's my dad's old interview.
Goodness, this is very old.
Do you remember him?
I saw him a few times at home when I was a kid.
Hae Ra.
Go wash your hands.
Let's eat dinner.
Yes.
Yes, it used to be a dorm.
I heard it was built in 1880.
It was completed in the spring of 1882.
The construction took a while...
because the winter was long and harsh.
It sounds like you built it yourself.
How do you remember that in such detail?
My grandma's house was nearby,
so I hung out there often.
That's when I heard about these.
Did you go over to the lab often?
We let kids come over during the weekends,
and we had a lot of programs for them too.
In autumn, we washed blankets as an experiment.
How do you remember that?
My grandma was on the blue team.
What's that?
The entire town gathered together...
to see which side gets whiter blankets.
We were separated to blue team and white team.
That was like a festival for the town.
Your dad was such a wonderful man.
Have you ever been to my dad's lab?
No, I've only heard about it from Dad.
I've never been there.
I'm so sorry.
You don't have any memory of Mr. Moon's happy days.
You're right.
You look very happy today.
I've been happy ever since I met you.
My gosh.
Hae Ra, you must be happy.
Aunt Sook Hee, how's the food?
You are a good cook,
unlike how you look.
You haven't even seen what I can do.
I want another egg omelet.
Okay.
Have some.
My gosh.
Why on earth did she make me get these books?
(Storytelling Methods)
It's not like she's writing a movie script.
(Writing a Movie Script)
The lab caught on fire...
when you two were very young, right?
I got my coat tailored back then,
so I wasn't too young.
I was about 14.
That means she was probably in her 20s.
Why does she talk as if she was a kid...
who went to visit her grandma?
That's very odd.
I lost my parents and grew up with my grandma,
so I understand your sorrow.
The lab caught on fire because of short circuit,
because the building was too old, right?
That was the conclusion.
You must've been very sad.
Do you remember anything in particular...
around the time of that fire?
Like what?
Something...
that seemed out of the ordinary.
I do remember something.
I need to keep making up my story...
to keep him interested in me.
I think I've seen a couple of strange guys.
Strange guys.
That's pretty vague.
They didn't seem like...
anyone from the lab or from the neighborhood.
I remembered them as we talked.
Give me one second.
Have you ever seen this person?
I'm not sure.
He doesn't seem very friendly.
Who is it?
Is he someone who's involved with the fire?
I think so.
But we'll never know.
I said I'll do the dishes after I send an email.
The machine did everything.
Don't worry.
I'll get washed up.
Goodnight.
I'm sorry we only talked about the old times.
No, I liked it.
And we decided to try hard for a month.
Let's eat dinner with her often,
and talk a lot with her.
When will the personal trainer be here again?
I'd like to work out too.
We won't work out at home anymore.
Why not?
He seemed like a good trainer.
He wasn't that good actually.
Too bad.
I was looking forward to working out at home.
Your bed will arrive the day after tomorrow.
That's okay.
Can I bring my bedding tomorrow?
Of course.
Why isn't he coming out for water?
- Gosh! - Goodness!
You scared me.
What are you doing here?
I'm thinking about what to make for breakfast.
Why are you thinking about that out here?
Since this is the kitchen where I'll be cooking it.
I'll cook breakfast for you tomorrow.
So you can go bed.
Why did you glare at me...
when I mentioned the home training?
There's nothing between him and me.
Then why are you avoiding him?
I'm not avoiding him.
I just want to focus on the man I like.
And who could that be?
My first love, Moon Soo Ho.
I really, really like...
Are you here to get water?
No, a facial mask.
My office is too dry.
I need to put one on my face at night.
Give me one too.
This is the last one.
You're young, so you don't need it.
That crazy...
Good Morning Korea.
Today, we have a charming businessman in the studio.
A med school graduate from the US...
turned himself into a businessman.
He's trying to stop reckless development,
and he is leading a movement...
that preserves old neighborhoods.
It's the CEO of Blacksmith's...
Moon Soo Ho.
Welcome.
Hello, it's nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you too.
I'm meeting you for the first time,
and two things surprised me about you.
I didn't think someone who'd want to preserve...
neighborhoods to be so young...
and so handsome.
- Thank you. - You're welcome.
I'm going to ask you...
what the viewers want to know.
What made you start...
the city revival project?
I wanted to protect the neighborhood...
I grew up in.
Also the ordeal I experienced as a child...
was the reason to start the project.
People even wrote petitions...
to preserve the lab building,
but the lab was burned down...
and my father died in the fire.
Since the lab dealt with chemicals,
they had thorough monthly checkups.
I think the fire wasn't caused by a short circuit.
I believe those who'd benefit from...
demolishing the lab did it.
Was he...
the son of deceased Dr. Moon?
As I proceed with the city revival project,
I'm going to request...
the police to reinvestigate this case.
Reinvestigation will be possible only if...
there's new evidence or witness.
Of course there is.
You seem to have conviction.
Since you mentioned it publicly on air,
I'm sure the viewers will show...
more interest.
I hope so.
I want the places with our memories...
and histories to be preserved.
The police is very busy.
They won't reinvestigate that case.
Evidence. Witness.
What could that be?
There's nothing to worry about.
Let's look at Geumseong-dong...
which has been called the village of...
persimmon trees since Joseon Dynasty.
Thank you so much for being here.
You were great on the show.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Mr. Moon.
You spoke so eloquently when it went live.
Shall we have breakfast before going to work?
You should go ahead without me.
I have things to take care of.
Okay.
- Let's go. - All right.
I was going to do that for you.
Do you want coffee? Black?
You remembered. Black coffee.
Were you out this morning?
Yes, I had something to do.
Why didn't you go straight to work?
I came back to make Hae Ra's breakfast.
She should be out here now.
Stop talking about that girl.
It's only the two of us here.
I want to live with you like this.
Thanks for making Hae Ra's clothes beautifully.
Please make some more...
with nice fabric.
Thanks for supporting Sharon Tailor.
Come watch the news.
Neighborhoods for the city revival...
pilot project will be determined this month.
Hyunmi-dong in Mapo-gu,
and Geumseong-dong in Jongno-gu...
are strong contenders.
That's good news, right?
The final result has to come out.
It could turn into a speculation zone.
Exactly.
People will want to...
buy property in that neighborhood.
Still, it makes me happy.
Thank you.
You were great in the show this morning.
How did you watch it? You always sleep in.
My boss told me to watch it, so I did.
You looked great on camera.
You could be an actor.
- Really? - I'm kidding.
I have to go to work.
- Already? - Yes.
I have to be a porter all day.
I'll see you in the evening.
Bye.
You'll trip.
No, I won't.
Why didn't you tell me?
I feel a bit left out.
I was on for just a minute or two.
Are you free for dinner tonight?
Would you like to...
talk about business over dinner?
Couldn't we talk at home?
I like talking business outside...
dressed up and in my heels.
Okay, then.
I'll reserve a restaurant and let you know.
What if...
Geumseong-dong gets chosen?
I'll do some talking, and it'll become...
a speculation-ridden area.
Then it'll be canceled...
because it won't be suited for the project.
The project is run by the city.
Don't do anything weird. You'll be in trouble.
You're so timid.
Hand over Yoon Dal Hong's...
surface rights to someone else.
No. I got that on my own.
- What? - Father, don't worry.
I'm sure there's a good reason...
for Gon being stubborn.
You shouldn't trust the people...
you bribed too much.
A lot of their children...
studied abroad.
And Moon Soo Ho gave them the opportunity.
What?
He's really meticulous.
Some became...
his company employees.
Don't think you know everything.
I don't trust you.
From now on,
make decisions after getting my permission.
I don't want to.
And don't force Young Mi...
to come here for breakfast.
She didn't do anything wrong.
No, I love having breakfast here.
That insolent boy.
You're too naive...
because you grew up wealthy.
Is it so hard...
to just go with...
your dad's opinion?
He never listens.
Leave your dad up to me.
I'll try to convince him.
You're trying so hard.
I'm the best girlfriend you can have.
Consider yourself lucky.
Okay. I get it. You can go now.
Aren't you going to work?
Do you want to break up?
What are you talking about in the morning?
You don't adore me.
You don't like me either.
Do you remember when our last kiss was?
Don't do it like it's homework.
Please don't add another trouble.
You shouldn't do this to me.
You don't know what I have.
For you, I...
What?
I'm so good to you.
Consider yourself lucky.
The ring went back to its owner.
So why won't these letters disappear?
Jeom Bok...
might have the answer.
(Blacksmith's)
Hello.
What a nice office.
I didn't know we had an appointment.
I wanted to say I enjoyed the show,
and I wanted to talk about the past too.
I'm here to confess.
Have a seat.
I know...
you're suspecting my father.
I don't know what you're about to say,
but whether I believe it or not is up to me.
I think he was at the lab when it caught on fire.
He was drunk and told me about it once.
He said he was there,
crying.
As he went in and out of the lab,
he often sneaked out some drugs to sell.
He sneaked out alcohol, glycerine, and stuff...
to sell them to small hospitals and pharmacies.
He was there to steal drugs as well that day?
He was in the storage...
and ran out when he heard the explosion.
He ran into Doctor Moon's son.
He ran away because he was ashamed.
Why are you telling me this here?
Because he won't be able to say this.
Misunderstandings will get bigger.
I'm starting to like you.
You're a good son.
He's a poor man.
Please forgive him.
I'm already aware of his stealing.
Well, I didn't slack off until now.
I guess...
I know what you don't know.
What is that?
I'll let you hear it in public.
I have to go meet someone now.
Thank you for your time.
(Sammi Trading)
Excuse me. Let me through.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Goodness, sorry.
Oh, no. Please hold for me.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Gosh, I'm sorry.
How could they tell us...
to change items at dawn all of a sudden?
Give me the wet tissues. I'll divide them.
Will you? All right, here.
Oh, Hae Ra.
Did you know that Mr. Moon...
asked for reinvestigation to the police?
No, I found it out today.
He seemed to be born rich, but he had his suffering.
Is he usually dark and depressed?
Not at all.
He's fun to be with. He likes making jokes too.
Mr. Moon is cool.
He is.
- Hey. - Hello.
- Hello. - Hi.
They want us to take out digestive pills...
and put in multi-vitamins each.
We're almost done here, so how can you say that now?
Stop complaining and do it already.
You know we go on tour around the town, right?
We have an hour left.
We can't finish this before then.
Right, you don't have time.
So work hard.
Thanks, guys.
Goodness.
"Thanks, guys."
Take them out.
- Take them out. - We were almost done.
Darn it.
We're meeting in an hour.
Can I act like I'm close to you later?
(Can I act like I'm close to you later?)
No, you can't.
(Then just remember this.)
Then just remember this.
Red bean bread means "I love you."
Cream bread means "Kiss me."
Baguette means "Come to emergency stairs."
What is he saying?
Don't get them mixed up.
- Okay. - Okay.
- Try our bread. - Hello.
- Try some of our bread. - Try some.
- Come try some. - It might make you faint.
- Thank you. - Goodbye.
- It's organic flour. - Thank you.
You get 10 percent discount...
if you buy our bread before 3pm.
Your cream bread is the best in Korea.
We'll do our best to protect your bakery.
Thank you.
Please bake delicious breads.
Don't you worry.
Thank you.
It's going so well.
Please prepare one more tray of these.
Here's red bean bread.
Red bean bread.
Red bean bread means "I love you."
You know what red bean bread is, right?
Yes, red bean bread to you too.
I'll go get a new tray of bread.
Now is cream bread.
Cream bread means "Kiss me."
Don't you know what it is?
Here's cream bread.
I got more cream bread.
Goodness.
Bring us some more cream bread.
It's sweet, right?
All right, give us some more cream bread.
Cream bread.
Goodness.
One more cream bread.
Well, red bean bread for me.
Red bean bread.
Using social media is the best marketing method.
Please stop saying obvious stuff.
All right, gather in.
Gather tight.
- I'll take it now. - Oh, well...
Let's say "red bean bread" after the count of three.
Good idea.
I'll count to three then.
In 1, 2, 3.
- Red bean bread. - Red bean bread.
What do you mean?
I don't understand.
I'm really sorry,
but let me cancel this contract.
Did Moon Soo Ho threaten you?
No, I didn't even call him.
Do you need more money?
I feel like...
my son was injured because of me.
He regained consciousness and is recovering.
He still can't feel his left arm.
Only if I hadn't betrayed Mr. Moon...
I think I'm getting punished.
All right then.
The cancellation penalty is three times the amount.
Will you be okay with that?
[VIU Ver] E12 Black Knight "You Are Not Innocent"
-= Ruo Xi =-
That's... Wait...
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Excuse me. Jeom Bok!
Stop right there!
Jeom Bok! Jeom Bok!
Jeom Bok.
Jeom Bok...
Sharon, where are you?
Sharon.
Sharon?
Where have you been?
I went to deliver some blankets.
- Blankets? - Yes.
Sharon is staying...
somewhere else for a month.
Where is that?
Sharon.
Goodness, what brings you here?
Where's her room?
That one over there.
(Writing a Movie Script)
"Misery loves company."
"Go deep into..."
"your character's emotion by using coincidence."
What kind of a coincidence should I come up with?
What's with you?
Why can't you just eat taffy and make clothes?
What do you think you're doing?
You're going to kill me?
Die, then. Die.
My gosh!
What are you doing here?
I wanted to live under the same roof...
with my husband.
Get out of there right now.
I'm living there for a month...
while we get construction work done.
Seung Goo.
Are you doing construction work here?
No.
I've been longing for him for over 200 years.
Can't I just have a month?
I just want to stay around him.
The story is about to get unfolded.
You can't do this.
What do you mean?
I saw Jeom Bok.
Jeom Bok?
The same Jeom Bok who used to draw well?
It was definitely him.
He rushed by me...
on a bicycle.
The gray-haired old man did that?
He got younger.
And his mole was gone.
How can that be?
Last time I saw him,
he was definitely an old man.
It was him.
His jacket also had the letters "JB".
What JB?
I'm sure there's a way...
to erase the ghost letters.
I know he was good at drawing,
but how can he erase that?
Anyway, that's that.
I doubt we are...
the only two who's like this on earth.
Get out of that house.
I'll be out in a month.
Get out right now.
I want to resolve this deep sorrow.
You're also responsible for making me like this.
Will you let me have just this one?
I won't do anything.
I'll just be with him and then move out.
I mean it.
Then let's start looking for Jeom Bok together.
Seung Goo.
Let's have a cup of strong and sweet coffee.
I'll boil some water.
Here they are.
Okay.
And this one.
(Sammi Trading)
Are these everything?
There are 120 more in the small conference room.
Oh, we're almost done.
Mr. Moon, you are such a smart guy.
You're always right down to the point...
just like me.
It felt like our ideas suddenly became a reality.
You were as clear as noonday.
You know that you're having some tea...
with our chairman, right?
Right.
Okay.
I know that.
Then let's get moving.
Yes, this way.
Let's see. This one goes here.
It looks like he's seeing the chairman.
Let's move the boxes in the small conference room.
Okay.
Ms. Jung.
Can you get those baguettes earlier?
Did we have baguettes?
Baguette means "Come to emergency stairs."
Those looked heavy. Are you okay?
Of course. That's nothing.
I told you to stop doing cream bread in public.
It's too dangerous.
I have a dinner appointment tonight.
Sharon wants to go out and discuss business.
Why are you going out? She lives there now.
No idea. She wants to go out and do it.
Leave some time for me on the weekends.
If they tell you to work, tell them to shut it.
Why? What are we going to do?
A lot of stuff.
Hae Ra, 100 red bean breads for you.
200 for you.
I got this from an apple pie shop...
that people line up for hours to get one.
Have some with black tea while it's hot.
What's wrong with kids these days?
Why do they line up for an hour...
to get some bread?
That's the fun in life.
I lined up to get you some too.
This is what love and affection is, you know.
Gon must be happy...
to have a great girl like you that he can marry.
If you're feeling depressed,
should I ask Hae Ra's aunt to come over for you?
You don't need to waste money like that.
Right, I have some mangoes.
I'll make you some mango yogurt.
Give me a second. It's amazing.
What a great kid.
Father, have some strawberries first.
This picture.
What is this?
You gave it to me.
Doesn't it look great now that it's enlarged?
That person right there.
Isn't that a woman?
Guys like that are called pretty boys.
She looks a lot like someone I know.
Who?
This person.
There's a nasty woman I know that also looks...
exactly like that person.
How similar are they?
You are a human, right?
How can I help you?
Is this...
a tailor's shop?
I can't help you now...
if you're here to get an outfit.
Our designer is gone.
I can't believe a place like this still exists.
What's the name of that designer?
Sharon.
Pardon?
- Sha... - Sharon.
- Sharon? - Yes, Sharon.
Oh, Sharon.
When will she be back?
No idea.
Do you have a picture...
of the owner?
No.
Well...
When she gets back,
ask her to give me a call.
It'll be great to have this place redeveloped.
Back then, I went over to the lab...
to give some dumplings which my grandma made...
That doesn't make any sense either.
Why would you bring dumplings to a lab?
Where's my car?
Yes, I came out right away.
I'll be at the entry of this street. Yes.
Dried persimmon, then?
Chul Min.
I'm an aspiring writer...
preparing for a literary contest.
Seo Rin.
Is he someone who's involved with the fire?
I think so.
But we'll never know.
Seo Rin.
It's you, right?
Who are you?
It's me, Chul Min.
I'm the newspaper delivery boy.
How could you not have...
changed at all?
Seo Rin.
Sir.
Are you okay?
Seo Rin. It's you, right?
Where did she go?
No.
I became rich...
because of you.
I earned money...
by any means possible.
I became rich, Seo Rin.
I asked you to pretend not to know me.
Please get up, sir.
Come on.
Chul Min.
What did you do to Soo Ho's family?
I suddenly came down with a cold.
I feel chilly and sick.
I don't think I can make it to dinner.
I'm sorry for cancelling.
I'll see you at home.
(Hae Ra)
Yes, sir.
With the fuel surcharges,
it comes to 1,238 dollars. That's too expensive.
I'll check the other airlines,
and call you right back. Thank you.
(Jung Hae Ra)
Dinner's been cancelled.
Can I ask you out on a date?
Here I go.
This much?
- More. - This much?
- Nice. - No.
- Which one do you want? - The black one.
- That one? - Yes.
That's stuck. What about something else?
No, I want that one.
All right.
Please.
Today's my payday.
I'll buy you dinner.
Let's go.
If you're pregnant,
act like a mother-to-be.
Why is she hiding it?
How dare you talk about my baby?
What are you doing?
I'm watching a drama.
It's so entertaining.
You're too diligent.
They're working late.
They went on a date.
They said they were going to a drive-in theater.
They'll be home late.
She's going to find out.
I said I had a cold.
A cold, my foot.
That woman lied about being pregnant.
Rock–paper–scissors.
Whoever wins makes a wrap.
- Don't you know? - I do.
That's why I lost on purpose.
Okay, I'll make a wrap for you.
How can I eat this?
Is it good?
- No sugar, right? - No.
You look prettier now.
- Do you want it? - Want what?
Hey.
This is bad.
- I think I'm sick. - What?
You look pretty whatever you do.
Do you want it again?
Come here.
Are you having fun?
I said I was sick.
I told you I had a cold.
What are you doing?
These onions are making me cry.
Of course, they make you cry.
I wish you were gone.
I wish...
you were gone!
On the night the lab was on fire,
I saw a man with glasses...
sneak in to the lab.
The one in Hae Ra's family picture.
I'll become...
richer.
I'll erect flashy buildings...
in Geumseong-dong too.
Watch me.
(Do you have something to say?)
This is boring.
"I think I loved you...
since before I was born."
That's what he just said.
You can't go a day...
without making a joke, can you?
Hae Ra.
Yes?
I think there really is a destiny.
We first met when we were young,
we were apart from each other for a long time,
and we met again.
Soo Ho.
How about...
we never part ways ever again?
We will never do that again.
I'm all alone all the time.
I'm always alone.
Goodness.
Gosh, are you feeling okay?
Hae Ra made pollack soup before she left for work.
If you have it with a lot of green onions,
you'll get all better.
It's Saturday, but she left for work?
The two went outside early in the morning.
They're having a date today as well?
She isn't considerate of her single aunt.
This isn't right.
I'll take out unmatured kimchi.
Jung Hae Ra,
that witch.
It's pretty old, right?
If it gets repaired for about two months,
it'll look just as good as before.
I don't need it.
I want to buy it for you.
What will I do alone in this huge house?
You won't be alone. You have me.
You have your aunt too.
Let's go say hello to your father.
His ashes were scattered as a natural burial.
It's suspicious in many ways.
I'll send Chairman Park to prison.
I'll stop him from destroying our town too.
Gon's father is a scary man.
That's why I'll face him.
I've prepared a lot.
Don't worry.
Because Soo Ho is always right.
It's cold. Let's go down.
We have one more place to visit.
What's this?
It looks like a granny's ring,
but it feels so good.
It looks good on you.
Ms. Jang gave it to you?
Yes.
I'm sorry for making you wait.
You'll melt this to make couple rings?
Can you do it with gold or platinum?
It might be better for you to keep it as it is.
It's more than 200 years old.
It's a treasure.
Isn't it an ordinary silver ring?
No.
There's no such thing as this ring.
Make couple rings with something else.
You shouldn't melt this.
Wear it on your 20th-year wedding anniversary.
(Chul Min Development)
Some middle-aged man left it here.
He didn't seem like he was here for suits.
He didn't look so friendly.
Maybe we have some things...
to do as a team.
With him?
Bring me a whetstone.
Did something bad come up?
Don't stay in someone else's house and move out.
Bring it now.
I ground the knife like this...
when it was too hard to stand it.
I waited for him because I had hope.
The blade is really worn out.
No, not at all.
I've never heard of the name, Yoon Dal Hong,
in Mr. Moon's office.
They didn't talk about taking away the contract?
No, I've never heard of it.
Mr. Moon is so busy...
that he hasn't worked out for about two weeks.
I'll tell you when I hear something new.
Okay.
The executive of a construction company,
Han Myung Soo, and Park Chul Min...
had a suspicious money transaction.
Park Chul Min bought this three story building...
as his first property.
(Property Certificate)
After a year,
he gained a huge profit as he bought and sold...
the land of Jung Hae Ra's father.
Han Myung Soo and his men are related to all these.
Was it a coincidence that Mr. Yoon owned the land?
If not, there must be something behind it too.
I'm investigating the issue with our attorneys.
Let's bring up an issue...
and send the documents to the police next week.
Yes, sir.
- Are you done talking? - Yes.
You think it'll work out well?
Good job.
You said it looked old, but it looks good on you.
I feel good when I wear this.
I gain strength too.
- Really? - Yes.
Here.
All right.
Ready.
Go.
You lost on purpose, didn't you?
I did. Let's go home.
Goodness.
Oh, right. Sharon is sick,
so let's buy some fruits on our way home.
You feel depressed and lonely when you're sick.
I'll get my things.
Okay.
(From Mr. Park)
Are you not taking the store...
because you feel guilty for Moon Soo Ho's father?
Is it because of what your father did...
to Doctor Moon?
Doctor Moon wasn't killed by the fire.
Your dad killed him.
Yes?
Can you find some articles about Edinburgh?
You also know how much your dad...
despised Soo Ho.
Does Soo Ho also know...
how he tried to send him to an orphanage?
Dad.
What's this document?
Are you going to send him to an orphanage?
You still have no idea how happy you are.
That means he's useless.
And you two fooled around with the lights off.
We made shadow pictures just that once.
You're horrible.
Don't you feel bad for him?
You're the one who made money...
with the stolen documents written by Doctor Moon.
What did you say?
Shut your mouth.
If you send him to an orphanage,
I'm going to run away too.
That little...
Once Soo Ho begins to investigate his past,
he'll find everything about your dad too.
I will send the documents which I wrote then...
to Soo Ho...
and to the police very soon.
We can discuss everything else in person.
Is something wrong?
No.
Let's go.